**[Round 2]{.ul}**

Experiment 1: To find out the thermal conductivity of liquids

**[1.Story Outline:]{.ul}**

The experiment involves the liquid filled between two metal plates of
different temperature. Hot plate is heated up using electric current and
cold plate is cooled using cold water supply. Both plates contain three
thermocouple each to measure temperature. The experiment is used to
measure thermal conductivity of different liquids and verify heat
transfer law.

**[2.Story:]{.ul}**

First the user will select the liquid. Then pour liquid in sample tube.
The user will open the valve at the inlet of the cooling water jacket
and maintain constant water flow rate. The user turns on the switch on
the heater. Now user set the heat controller or voltage regulator which
adjusts power input to heater. Wait till the temperatures of both plates
are constant with time that is steady state is reached (timer for 15 sec
start). Read the temperatures on digital temperature indicator
(temperature of both plates will display for 3 sec).

**[2.1 Set the Visual Stage Description:]{.ul}**

In the simulator user will be able to see the virtual prototype of
experimental setup resembling the actual experiment setup. Setup
consists of two metal plates of 100mm diameter placed at top of each
other separated by 18mm width. The sample liquid is filled in the space
between plates called sample tube. Six thermocouple are placed on the
plates (three each) to measure temperature of the plates. A heating unit
which provides heat to the lower metal plates using electrical energy.
The user console provided with power switch, voltage regulator and
display for Voltage, current, temperature.

**[2.2 Set User Objectives & Goals:]{.ul}**

1\. by this experiment student will be able to understand the concept of
conductivity.

2\. calculate and compare the thermal conductivity of different liquids.

3\. classify material on basis of conductivity.

**[2.3 Set the Pathway Activities:]{.ul}**

1.  The simulator setup is provided with user instruction to guide the
    user.

2.  User click on one of the sample by click on it.

3.  

**[2.4 Set Challenges and Questions/Complexity/Variations in
Questions:]{.ul}**

Describe the challenges Here : (guide : Set Challenges and
Questions/Complexity/variations in questions according to User's level,
so as to invoke the learners' interest. (while traversing, what
challenges he will face? how he has to solve and overcome ?
descriptive).)

**[2.5Allow pitfalls:]{.ul}**

Describe the pitfalls here: (guide : (while traversing or while solving
challenge, how will we bring a situation in front of him that he commits
mistake if he is not attentive , or not following procedure ,
descriptive))

**[2.6 Conclusion:]{.ul}**

Describe conclusion here : (guide: This may include displaying: how much
time did the user take to solve the questions/ How many questions were
right?/ How many hints did the learner use. Based on this the
evaluation/marking to be suggested to the user. (once he is towards the
completion of the experiment, what LO he is taking along with him, what
will be his probable, interpretation/conclusion , descriptive) )

**[2.7 Equations/formulas: NA]{.ul}**

Type equations here : (guide : ( a separate sheet having equations /
programs for the lab exper3ment to be shared along with the Story
submissions (1) . You can mark it as numerical reference numbers within
the story narration (like we cite in the research papers) and then
separately share these equations/programs sheets as a reference, do not
include the equations as a whole in the narration)) Tool can be used to
integrate formula in
Markdown [**here**](http://latex.codecogs.com/eqneditor/samples/example3.php)

**[3.Flowchart :]{.ul}**

link to flow chart Here : Store in the /flowchart folder within Round2
folder in your repo\
(guide :The lab proposer should extract logic from the story, prepare a
flowchart from the story narration and write the algorithm to execute
the black box. use Google
Drawings <https://docs.google.com/drawings/> (send the link to your
flowchart and also attach .png by exporting it )

**[4.Mindmap:]{.ul}**

Link to mindmap here : Store the mindmap in both .mm & .png extension in
the /mindmap folder and include link of only .pdf verison here\
(guide : An elaborate mind map (connecting all the points in the
experiment flow ) should be prepared and submitted by the lab proposer.
The mind map should be a clear and detailed document that takes into
account all minute intri5acies involved in the development of virtual
lab. The mindmap should be self-content and any developer across the
globe should be able to code it with all those details. using only
FreeMind <http://freemind.sourceforge.net/wiki/index.php/Main_Page> (send
the .png file and also the original .mm extension project file. )

**5.Storyboard :**

Step 1: First we create the table top

![Office table icon - Transparent PNG & SVG vector
file](media/image1.png){width="6.5in" height="1.5in"}

Step 2: three beakers containing three different liquid i.e. glycerol,
water and mercury at a chemical shelf

![](media/image2.png){width="2.697579833770779in"
height="1.0207053805774278in"}

Step 3: create a box containing two metal on top of each other plate
separated by 18mm

![](media/image3.png){width="2.0729166666666665in" height="1.6875in"}

Step 4: create a sample tube and inlet funnel

![](media/image4.png){width="2.9895833333333335in"
height="2.164870953630796in"}

Step 5: create an assembly for water inlet and outlet on upper plate

![](media/image5.png){width="3.9890846456692914in"
height="3.30167104111986in"}

Step 6: Place six thermocouple three on each plate

![](media/image6.png){width="2.6666666666666665in"
height="2.4284339457567805in"}

Step 7: now make a user console, consists of power switch, voltage
regulator and display for Voltage, current, temperature.

![](media/image7.png){width="2.3747036307961507in"
height="1.9997495625546806in"}

Step 8: level all the components

Step 9: make animation on ON / OFF switch, temperature display, voltage
control could show change in voltage and current with ratio V1 x A1 = V2
x A2

Step 10: make animation in sample tube to show different share of sample
liquid

Step 11: make animation of water flow in cooling water line

Step 12: make animation of lower plate glowing red, and color start
flowing upwards with timer

Experiment setup shows as below

![](media/image8.png){width="6.375in" height="3.654166666666667in"}
